# QDA
Objective: The Main aim of the project is to find the most influential factor that affects Covid-19.


Project Summary: 
COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019) is a disease caused by a virus named SARS-CoV-2 and was discovered in December 2019 in Wuhan, China. It is very contagious and has quickly spread around the world which leads to many deaths around the world. Here Covid-19 death data set is taken for project Consideration. Here the datasets consist of the death_count of England and its boroughs names Along with local authority code. Further four themes are Selected, and four themes Dwelling, Health, Economical, Age and merged into single a data set by using Sql lite and performing the Sql Queries where the Left join function played a major role to join the different table themes together. Hence there are no missing values. Here Dependent variable is Death and other variables are independent variables. After that sample of the data is taken into consideration by the proportion of 1000. Then the data is sent to the normalization process which is nothing but a scaling method that puts the data into a normal scale range and removes the outliers. Here three different Scaling methods are used. The Scaling methods are Softmax Scaling, Z-Score, Min-Max scaling, and Outlier Replace function was  used to replace the unwanted outliers. Among these three scaling Soft Max scaling gave me good results and puts data into the 0.4 to 0.6 scale range by removing outliers and making the data normalized. Ks test was used to check whether all variables are normally Distributed through the p-value. The gg plots, bar plots, and histograms  have been used in Visualizing between the Dependent variables and other independent variables. Then to find the highly Co-related variables with the dependent variable, the Spearman co-relation method was used, and visualize it Correlogram map was used. Then further internally co-related independent variables are Considered for internal co-relation and after that partial co-relation is done for two independent variables with a dependent variable. Highly Correlated Bad health Variable is Further taken into the Regression process along with the dependent Variable. The regression methods used are Linear regression  and Poisson Regression. Here in regression, it explains the relationship between the covid death(dependent Variable) and the Independent Variable.
